Initialize SECURITY.md (#1)
konflux-ci/.github: SECURITY.md

# Konflux Security

## Reporting Issues

> To report a security issue, please email the Konflux security team at konflux-sec\[at\]googlegroups.com with a description of the issue, how to reproduce it and any mitigations you are aware of. Our security team will respond within 3 working days of your email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report a security issue, please email the Konflux security team at konflux-sec\[at\]googlegroups.com with a description of the issue, how to reproduce it and any mitigations you are aware of. If possible please include a proposed severity rating (for example, see [Red Hat's severity ratings](https://access.redhat.com/security/updates/classification/)), and other classifying metadata such as a [CWE](https://cwe.mitre.org/) ID or a [CVSS](https://www.first.org/cvss/) score.

Our security team will respond within three working days of your email.
```
